there are indications of progress on a
deal to free some of the 239 Israelis
being held hostage in Gaza by Hamas
which is designated as a terrorist
organization by the UK in the last few
hours the Israeli military has released
footage with it which it says shows a 55
M long Tunnel built by Hamas beneath
alifa hospital here you can see the
tunnel shaft entrance among the rubble
of the hospital complex there the
Israeli military has also released CCTV
images it says shows hostages abducted
by Hamas on October the 7th being
brought into alifa or agerian report now
from Jerusalem contains distressing
images from the very
beginning every day more dead in
Gaza some who barely started
Living this footage was filmed from for
the BBC today in Han yunas in the South
Israel told people to flee here to be
safer the bed get one last
[Music]
look and a father one last
embrace the agony of Samir Jam AA
cradling his 5-year-old son
Muhammad then his other son is brought
to him six-year-old
Samir he can't bear to let him
go parted
forever Palestinians say the boys were
among 30 people killed when Israel
bombed several houses in Han
yunas but finally hope for about 30
premature babies doctors in southern
Gaza working to stabilize them ahead of
a transfer to Egypt tomorrow eight
others have
died these are the survivors of war and
of the horrors of Al shifa
Hospital even the water used for their
formula was contaminated says Dr
Muhammad Sak and there was no proper
steril ization they suffered from
vomiting diarrhea and weight loss some
had blood poisoning and severe
infections back at Al shifa Israel has
issued this video as it comes Under
Pressure to justify its raid on the
hospital it says this tunnel leads to a
blast prooof door of the kind used by
Hamas for its command
centers and more video this time
CCTV which Israel says shows two
hostages being bundled into Al shaa on
October 7th one of them wounded at this
stage we can't verify any of the army
video now in Israel many are still
enveloped by grief still mourning those
killed by Hamas among the dead a
passionate peace
campaigner Vivien silver was a canadi
Ian Israeli activist if Palestinians
were allowed into Israel for medical
treatment she drove them to
hospital after Hamas attacked her kibuts
near the Gaza border there was little of
her left to
bury her son Jonathan said her peace
movement had been orphaned by her death
her clear voice had been
silenced but fellow campaigners told us
they will keep going it's very hard to
us but the way of Vivian give us the
hope for all of us here to see all these
people that we
must walk in the way of the
peace do you think that is still
possible now with Israel and the
Palestinians we must we must believe in
this way because this is the solution
but Israel's peace Camp has been
dwindling for
years since October 7th it is reeling
because of Vivan another war is underway
in Gaza something Vivian silver hoped
would not be
repeated the grief here is for a beloved
mother and grandmother but also for a
vision of a different
future well there are are growing
indications tonight Clive that a deal on
the release of Israel's hostages is
close still nothing official but we've
had positive comment today from Israel's
Ambassador in the United States from a
senior US National Security official and
critically from Qatar which has been
playing a central role in mediation
qatar's prime minister said today that
the negotiations had been up and down
but at this stage all that really
remained in terms of stumbling blocks
were logistical and practical issues now
we're expecting that a deal if and when
it comes will involve the release of a
few dozen Israeli women and children in
return Israel would release Palestinian
women and children from Israeli prisons
uh there would be a pause in the
fighting perhaps three days perhaps five
and that would allow desperately needed
humanitarian Aid to get into Gaza
because as you will remember the UN has
been warning that 2.2 million
Palestinians are in danger of starvation
now for the families waiting for news
tonight every night is an Agony worrying
that their loved ones could be killed by
Hamas or by Israel's own air strikes